Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-03-17T19:44:41+00:00

====== Session 2 ======
Created Sunday 17 March 2019

After waking up in the woods and discovery by Hedgie, characters are ambushed by a troop of 5 frog soldiers. Pretty swiftly everyone is incapacitated but Daella (who is unharmed but totally without allies) and Hedgie, badly wounded and hiding under pocket-sand. Even Snuffles is out for the count, having been sent enthusiastically – but ineffectually – into battle by Daella. Frog reinforcements arrive, and Daella and Hedgie surrender.

Blindfolds are removed/characters awaken in the frog senate, with all their weapons (and Snuffles) taken from them. In front of them are three purple robed and golden wreath-crowned frogs on a dais surrounded by seven other lesser status frogs in white togas. The leader introduces himself as Croaker, with his colleagues Plumpy (smaller, more military) and Gassus (larger, quieter). Croaker describes the wonders of the Bullywug civilization and tells the party that they can leave if they do not try to retrieve any of their stuff and they agree to spread the word of the new great civilization. Croaker leaves space in his speech for sycophantic clapping, lead by the lesser frogs of the senate.

The Bullywugs plan to ‘trade’ with the outside world, the trade goods being things that they have stolen from those that pass through the swamp. Croaker tells the party that they owe their success to the ‘God in the Swamp’, which destroyed the frogs’ predators, allowing the Bullywugs to not have to scrabble for survival and focus on building their town. An alter to this god stands near the main gate with a floating green wispy orb hovering over it. The exact identity of the God in the Swamp is a secret known only to the Triumvirate.

During the tour, Crystal notices that one frog in a white toga and identifiable by brown patches seems sour towards Croaker, particularly at the mention of the God in the Swamp. In an attempt to earn some of their gear back, Hedgie and Enna put on a musical performance, for which they are given their instruments. They distract everyone with ‘All Star’: Enna singing, Hedgie on the slide whistle and Daella doing display card-shuffling. “They don’t stop coming, and they don’t stop coming, and they don’t stop coming…” Under cover of this distraction, Crystal speaks to the sour frog, Marshus Antonius, who is resentful of the increased power gained by the Triumvirate since they discovered the God in the Swamp. The last senators who complained were taken to meet the God, and never seen again. Marshus promises to return weapons and Snuffles to the party if they kill two of the Triumvirate and leave the third wounded for Marshus to interrogate. He seems legitimate in his hatred for the Bullywug leaders.

The party meet Marshus at nightfall outside the gate. He hands over their weapons but tells them that he has left a relative on guard with Snuffles. If there is no word from Marshus in thirty minutes (because he has been double crossed and killed, or because the assassination has not been successful) the dragon dies. Everyone sneaks over the back wall, with the guards looking the other way and towards the three tents of the Triumvirate.

Enna trips into Croakers tent whilst trying to be sneaky, and Hedgie lights things up with Faerie Fire, alerting the giant guard toad. Hedgie, Enna and Sylvana take on the toad, sheltering behind Sylvana’s protection. Crystal slays Croaker easily, as Plumpy makes a stand on toad-back, only to be insulted to death by Hegdie. Daella finds Gassus cowering in his tent, and, obeying Marshus’ instructions, stabs him in the leg to cripple him. The Triumvirate is broken.
